Fix: #20628: Stop caret left moving off the input string (#21213)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Improved: [#20951] Activate OpenRCT2 window after using native file dialog on macOS.
- Fix: [#20255] Images from the last hovered-over coaster in the object selection are not freed.
- Fix: [#20616] Confirmation button in the track designer’s quit prompt has the wrong text.

> - Fix: [#20628] Moving caret using Ctrl+left for TTF fonts caused underflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#20628] Moving caret using Ctrl+left can move too far when using a multibyte grapheme.
```
